Cover his mouth for me
Let go of me!
Ah!
Who are you? Don't hurt my daughter
Auntie, weren't you quite arrogant before?
Why do you learn to kneel and beg for mercy now?
Yes yes yes as long as you don't hurt my daughter
I'll give you anything you want
Hahahaha
You're the only one selling barbecue, what can you give me?
Make my brother cut off my way
I'm going to make you lose your life
You wait to collect your daughter's body
Don't don't feed
Hello, the phone you dialed is turned off.
An An My An An
Zhao Huang has found the location
Right at the abandoned factory where we met last time
Go save my daughter
You say
Did my gesture come first or your mother?